your individual life vest
is located in a pouch beneath your seat
should its use become necessary
bring the straps around your waist pull
on the loose straps
[Music]
until the vest fits snugly as we are now
demonstrating
thank you for your attention
we will be airborne shortly
[Music]
we are torn apart by events i like to be
submissive
do you know what that means
[Music]
put back together differently by others
why japan
sometimes being alone isn't about other
people alone
is about people be careful then how do
you know that i'm not a bad man
[Music]
i don't
just kiss you how do you know
difficult to make you happy
i think i'm destined to go nuts nobody
uses their public face
in the express sometimes
the mask is prettier than the thing
behind it
i tell myself there is no happy ending
all the pieces do not fit together
perfectly
but somehow everything is beautiful
you